docs(observability): document apollo.router.cache.redis.reconnection and .unresponsive metrics (#9306)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/performance/caching/response-caching/observability.mdx

  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.commands_executed`: Total number of Redis commands executed
  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.redelivery_count`: Commands retried due to connection issues
  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.errors`: Redis errors by type (auth, timeout, io, etc.)
  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.reconnection`: Reconnect events raised by Redis when Redis requires client reconnection. Includes `kind` and `server` attributes.

>   - `apollo.router.cache.redis.unresponsive`: Unresponsive events raised by Redis when Redis becomes unresponsive. Includes `kind` and `server` attributes.

Reviewer: How about this to match the style of the other metrics?
```suggestion
  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.reconnection`: Number of Redis client reconnections
  - `apollo.router.cache.redis.unresponsive`: Number of times a Redis server became unresponsive
```
